https://codepen.io/karanacesin/pen/mdJNWrd?editors=1100


1. What is Semantic HTML?
	tags that provide meaning to the code
2. What is HTML used for?
	websites
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
	special flags inside the tag to give more control
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	heading tag that is normally used for the top most headings like the page title but can be used as many times as you want
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	image (img) and anchor (a)
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
	the html version and information that the web brower needs to run the page
7. What is an id?
	a title that can only be applied to one element on page
8. What elements can I add an id to?
	any
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	one
10. What is a class?
	a title that can be applied to multiple elements on a page
11. What elements can I add a class to?
	any
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	unlimited
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	target="new"
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
	puts a description on the image for the people who have low vision or are blind
15. How do I reference an id?
	#
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	section tag is used to section the page. divide (div) is used to divide the sections into smaller sections and allow you to not change the overall behavior of the sections
17. What is CSS used for?
	to put all the website styles in one place and not have to clatter up the header of the different pages
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2{}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	a class can be used multiple times; example to change the style of three out of ten sections
	a id can only be used once for something that you see important; example is the page title or company logo
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.class
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p.human
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
	when you select a parent tag and then a child tag
	when you need to be specific 
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div a.sidebar
24. What is a pseudo selector?
	pseudo selector allows you to auto change the format of different pieces of information when they are changed
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	border:1px dotted black;
29. How do I select everything on the page?
	*
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* comment */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
	pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
	rm because it will delete it permanently without warning
34. Why should I use version control?
	because it can help if i need to go back to an early version
35. How often should I commit to github?
	anytime i change a file
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
	git push origin 'firstname-lastname'
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
	step 1 fork the repo
	step 2 add tl to collaborate
	step 3 clone repo to git
	step 4 create a new branch
	step 5 submit a pull request and have the tl review
	step 6 wait for tl to review and mark complete